Updated concepts, getting started, and why Dapr Agents pages (#4746)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/dapr-agents/dapr-agents-why.md

* **Adaptive Task Handling**: Agents in Dapr Agents are equipped with flexible patterns like tool calling and reasoning loops (e.g., ReAct), allowing them to autonomously tackle complex and evolving tasks.
* **Multi-agent Systems**: Dapr Agents' framework allows agents to act as modular, reusable building blocks that integrate seamlessly into workflows, whether they operate independently or collaboratively.

While Dapr Agents centers around agents, it also recognizes the versatility of using LLMs directly in deterministic workflows or simpler task sequences. In scenarios where the agent's built-in task-handling patterns, like `tool calling` or `ReAct` loops, are unnecessary, LLMs can act as core components for reasoning and decision-making. This flexibility ensures users can adapt Dapr Agents to suit diverse needs without being confined to a single approach.

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
Agents can be used standalone and create workflows behind the scene, or act as autonomous steps in deterministic workflows.
{{% /alert %}}

![Modular Principles](/images/dapr-agents/home_concepts_principles_modular.png)

### Backed by Durable Workflows

> Dapr Agents places durability at the core of its architecture, leveraging [Dapr Workflows](https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/workflow/workflow-overview/) as the foundation for durable agent execution and deterministic multi-agent orchestration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr Agents places durability at the core of its architecture, leveraging [Dapr Workflows]({{% ref workflow-overview.md %}}) as the foundation for durable agent execution and deterministic multi-agent orchestration.
```

* **Durable Agent Execution**: DurableAgents are fundamentally workflow-backed, ensuring all LLM calls and tool executions remain durable, auditable, and resumable. Workflow checkpointing guarantees agents can recover from any point of failure while maintaining state consistency.
* **Deterministic Multi-Agent Orchestration**: Workflows provide centralized control over task dependencies and coordination between multiple agents. Dapr's code-first workflow engine enables reliable orchestration of complex business processes while preserving agent autonomy where appropriate.

By integrating workflows as the foundational layer, Dapr Agents enables systems that combine the reliability of deterministic execution with the intelligence of LLM-powered agents, ensuring production-grade reliability and scalability.

{{% alert title="Note" color="info" %}}
Workflows in Dapr Agents provide the foundation for building production-ready agentic systems that combine reliable execution with LLM-powered intelligence.
{{% /alert %}}

### Modular Component Model

> Dapr Agents utilizes [Dapr's pluggable component framework](https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/components-concept/) and building blocks to simplify development and enhance flexibility:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr Agents utilizes [Dapr's pluggable component framework]({{% components-concept.md %}}) and building blocks to simplify development and enhance flexibility:
```
